[DOCS] LAK-1048: Update instructions to add assets (#10200)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/cloud/data_assets/manage_data_assets.md

7. Click **Connect**.

8. Select tables to import as Data Assets:

    - If you want to add all tables, check the box for "All Tables"

    - You must select at least one table to add as an asset, by checking the box next to its name
  

>     - You can search for a table name by typing in the Search box located above the list of tables

Reviewer: I would change the wording here slightly.  I think that putting the list in this order results in each line item building on something from the previous.  It also eliminates some of the commas and makes it a little more easy to read:

```suggestion
    - Check the box next to a table name to add that table as an asset.
    
    - At least one table must be added.

    - To search for a specific table type the table's name in the **Search** box above the list of tables.
            
    - To add all of the available tables check the box for **All Tables**.

```
A few other notes: for consistency, elsewhere in the GX Cloud docs we've used **bold** to indicate labeled UI elements rather than putting them in "quotes."

Again, for consistency: Its best if either all of the items in a list have punctuation or none of the items in the list do.

It's also generally a good idea to avoid terms like "want" or "wish" in technical documentation.  It is a bit less conversational, but you can assume the user knows what they want to do or if they want to do it, and just tell them how.  Likewise, rather than using -ing verbs, more declarative language works well.  Not "you can achieve something by doing this" but "to achieve something do this."
